Provide agent-side meter api (#4816)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/Application-toolkit-micrometer.md

> * Dependency the toolkit, such as using maven or gradle

Reviewer: @krmeda  I think this is what you were asking at #4279

```java
SkywalkingMeterRegistry registry = new SkywalkingMeterRegistry();

// Also you could using composite registry to combine multiple meter registry, such as collect to Skywalking and prometheus
CompositeMeterRegistry compositeRegistry = new CompositeMeterRegistry();
compositeRegistry.add(new PrometheusMeterRegistry(PrometheusConfig.DEFAULT));
compositeRegistry.add(new SkywalkingMeterRegistry());
```

* Using snake case as the naming convention. Such as `test.meter` will be send to `test_meter`.

* Adapt micrometer data convention.

|Micrometer data type|Transform to meter name|Skywalking data type|
|----- |----- |----- |
|Counter|Counter name|Counter|
|Gauges|Gauges name|Gauges|
|Timer|Timer name + "_count"|Counter|
| |Timer name + "_sum"|Counter|
| |Timer name + "_max|Gauges|
||LongTaskTimer|Timer name + "_active_count"|Gauges|
| |Timer name + "_duration_sum"|Counter|
|Function Timer|Timer name + "_count"|Gauges|
| |Timer name + "_sum"|Gauges|
|Function Counter|Counter name|Gauges|
|Distribution summary|Summary name + "_count"|Counter|
| |Summary name + "_sum"|Counter|
| |Summary name + "_max"|Gauges|

> Also, If the meter support the histogram/percentile, such as Timer, Summary, support using currently meter name + "_histogram" / "_percentile" to collect the histogram/percentile.

Reviewer: This statement is a little confusing to me. Could you provide more details. I think in MicroMeter integration, we are just expecting the data type and metrics name at the backend.

* Dependency the toolkit, such as using maven or gradle
```xml
   <dependency>
      <groupId>org.apache.skywalking</groupId>
      <artifactId>apm-toolkit-micrometer-registry</artifactId>
      <version>${skywalking.version}</version>
   </dependency>
```

> * Using `SkywalkingMeterRegistry` as the registry, it could automatic collect your meter to out meter system.

Reviewer: `SkywalkingMeterRegistry` should be a full name, including package too.

```suggestion
* Using `SkywalkingMeterRegistry` as the registry, it could forward the MicroMeter collected metrics to OAP server.
```

|Micrometer data type|Transform to meter name|Skywalking data type| Description|
|----- |----- |----- |----- |
|Counter|Counter name|Counter|Same with counter|
|Gauges|Gauges name|Gauges|Same with gauges|
|Timer|Timer name + "_count"|Counter|Execute finished count|
| |Timer name + "_sum"|Counter|Total execute finished duration|
| |Timer name + "_max"|Gauges|Max duration of execute finished time|
| |Timer name + "_histogram"|Histogram|Histogram of execute finished duration|
|LongTaskTimer|Timer name + "_active_count"|Gauges|Executing task count|
| |Timer name + "_duration_sum"|Counter|All of executing task sum duration|
| |Timer name + "_max"|Counter|Current longest running task execute duration|
| |Timer name + "_histogram"|Histogram|Executing finished task duration histogram|
|Function Timer|Timer name + "_count"|Gauges|Execute finished timer count|
| |Timer name + "_sum"|Gauges|Execute finished timer total duration|
|Function Counter|Counter name|Gauges|Total count|
|Distribution summary|Summary name + "_count"|Counter|Total record count|
| |Summary name + "_sum"|Counter|Total record amount sum|
| |Summary name + "_max"|Gauges|Max record amount|

> | |Summary name + "_histogram"|Gauges|Histogram of the amount|

Reviewer: Are these all? Or do we have anything unsupported?

Author: For now. I think the difference is `LongTaskTimer` support, we can only support the finished task histogram, cannot support running task histogram meter.  That's was all I found.

Author: For now. I think the difference is `LongTaskTimer` support, we can only support the finished task histogram, cannot support running task histogram meter.  That's was all I found.
